docs: tw691-arbitrum-chain-restructure (#3341)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/partials/_additional-config-params.mdx

| **Extra challenge period blocks**              | Amount of time to wait before a challenge period expires. Like the challenge period parameter, this is measured in blocks on the underlying L1 chain, not the base (L2) chain. The default for this parameter is 200 blocks, or roughly 40 minutes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Either in the `extraChallengeTimeBlocks` field in the `RollupCreator` config, or by calling `Rollup.setExtraChallengeTimeBlocks()`.                                                                                                                                                              |

> | **Loser stake escrow**                         | The address where funds bonded by a validator that has lost a challenge are sent to be escrowed. It is recommended that this be set to an address that is controlled by the chain owners or to the burn address if the desire is for escrowed funds to be lost.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Either in the `loserStakeEscrow` field in the `RollupCreator` config, or by calling `Rollup.setLoserStakeEscrow()`.                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Loser stake escrow**                         | The address where funds bonded by a validator that has lost a challenge are sent to be escrowed. It is recommended that this be set to an address that is controlled by the chain owners or to the burn address if you want escrowed funds to be lost.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Either in the `loserStakeEscrow` field in the `RollupCreator` config, or by calling `Rollup.setLoserStakeEscrow()`.                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | **WASM module root**                           | Hash of the WASM module root to be used when validating. The WASM module root is a 32 byte hash usually expressed in hexadecimal which is a merkelization of the replay binary, which is too large to be posted onchain. This hash is set in the L1 Rollup contract to determine the correct replay binary during fraud proofs. Unless the STF has been customized, the default WASM module root in the latest consensus release should be used.                                                                                                                                                      | Either in the `wasmModuleRoot` field in the `RollupCreator` confid, or by calling `Rollup.setWasmModuleRoot()`.                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **WASM module root**                           | Hash of the WASM module root to be used when validating. The WASM module root is a 32 byte hash usually expressed in hexadecimal which is a merkelization of the replay binary, which is too large to be posted onchain. This hash is set in the L1 Rollup contract to determine the correct replay binary during fraud proofs. Unless the STF has been customized, the default WASM module root in the latest consensus release should be used.                                                                                                                                                      | Either in the `wasmModuleRoot` field in the `RollupCreator` config, or by calling `Rollup.setWasmModuleRoot()`.                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | **Gas target**                                 | Target gas usage per second, over which the congestion mechanism activates. For the values set on Arbitrum One and Nova [refer child chain gas fees](/how-arbitrum-works/deep-dives/gas-and-fees#child-chain-gas-fees). Alterations to this should be considered carefully, as setting it too high may result in state bloat that impacts the performance of the chain.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Call `ArbOwner.setSpeedLimit()` passing in the maximum number of gas units to be executed per second for single gas target. Call `ArbOwner.setGasPricingConstraints()` with an array of gas targets for [setting up dynamic pricing](/launch-arbitrum-chain/chain-config/costs/dynamic-pricing). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Gas target**                                 | Target gas usage per second, over which the congestion mechanism activates. For the values set on Arbitrum One and Nova, [refer to child chain gas fees](/how-arbitrum-works/deep-dives/gas-and-fees#child-chain-gas-fees). Alterations to this should be considered carefully, as setting it too high may result in state bloat that impacts the performance of the chain.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Call `ArbOwner.setSpeedLimit()` passing in the maximum number of gas units to be executed per second for single gas target. Call `ArbOwner.setGasPricingConstraints()` with an array of gas targets for [setting up dynamic pricing](/launch-arbitrum-chain/chain-config/costs/dynamic-pricing). |
```

> | **Gas target**                                 | Target gas usage per second, over which the congestion mechanism activates. For the values set on Arbitrum One and Nova [refer child chain gas fees](/how-arbitrum-works/deep-dives/gas-and-fees#child-chain-gas-fees). Alterations to this should be considered carefully, as setting it too high may result in state bloat that impacts the performance of the chain.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Call `ArbOwner.setSpeedLimit()` passing in the maximum number of gas units to be executed per second for single gas target. Call `ArbOwner.setGasPricingConstraints()` with an array of gas targets for [setting up dynamic pricing](/launch-arbitrum-chain/chain-config/costs/dynamic-pricing). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Gas target**                                 | Target gas usage per second, over which the congestion mechanism activates. For the values set on Arbitrum One and Nova, [refer to child chain gas fees](/how-arbitrum-works/deep-dives/gas-and-fees#child-chain-gas-fees). Alterations to this should be considered carefully, as setting it too high may result in state bloat that impacts the performance of the chain.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Call `ArbOwner.setSpeedLimit()` passing in the maximum number of gas units to be executed per second for a single gas target. Call `ArbOwner.setGasPricingConstraints()` with an array of gas targets for [setting up dynamic pricing](/launch-arbitrum-chain/chain-config/costs/dynamic-pricing). |
```
